Hahahahaha
I threw away all that ocean trash
But there is a doctor hidden among you
It's for you
What a coincidence! Someone came to me to buy some clothes
150 kilograms of gold each?
Female doctor
The price will be doubled.
Now that you know
Then don't even think about getting out alive
Eighth, here's our chance for revenge
Dog traitors and islanders partner to pit us
So what?
I think you guys still have some strength
So today I'm ready
On the contrary, you should be smart.
I don't want to talk more nonsense with you.
Don't think
If you don't hand him over today
You guys are not going to get away with this.
I can't guarantee their safety
But I promise you this.
The life of each of them
More important than my meeting
You are really not a salesperson.
With his life alone
For the lives of all of you
It's a good deal.
Since you think this business is sure to win
Then try stubbornness
Except for this female doctor
The rest are killed without mercy